Management commands documentation reworked (#3574)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/admin/management.rst

.. django-admin-option:: --source PROJECT/COMPONENT

    Specifies the component to use as source available for translation.
    If not specified all components in the project are used.

.. django-admin-option:: --user USERNAME

    Specify username listed as author of the translations.
    "Anonymous user" is used if not specified.

.. django-admin-option:: --overwrite

    Whether to overwrite existing translations.

.. django-admin-option:: --inconsistent

    Whether to overwrite existing translations that are inconsistent (see
    :ref:`check-inconsistent`).

.. django-admin-option:: --add

>     Automatically add language if a given translation does not exist.

Author: a language, this language, a given?

.. versionadded:: 2.4

> Change or display the name of your site from the command-line without using

Author: ```suggestion
Change or display the name of your site from the command-line without using the
```

> Change or display the name of your site from the command-line without using the

Author: ```suggestion
Change or display the name of your site from the command-line without having to use the
```

.. django-admin:: checkgit <project|project/component>

Prints current state of the back-end Git repository.

You can either define which project or component to update (for example
``weblate/master``), or use ``--all`` to update all existing components.

commitgit
---------

.. django-admin:: commitgit <project|project/component>

Commits any possible pending changes to the back-end Git repository.

You can either define which project or component to update (for example
``weblate/master``), or use ``--all`` to update all existing components.

commit_pending
--------------

.. django-admin:: commit_pending <project|project/component>

Commits pending changes older than a given age.

You can either define which project or component to update (for example
``weblate/master``), or use ``--all`` to update all existing components.

.. django-admin-option:: --age HOURS

>     Age in hours for committing. If not specified the value configured in

Author: ```suggestion
    Numbers of hours between automatically committing. If not specified the value configured in
```

The imported JSON file structure pretty much corresponds to the component
object (see :http:get:`/api/components/(string:project)/(string:component)/`).
You have to include the ``name`` and ``filemask`` fields.

.. django-admin-option:: --project PROJECT

>     Specifies where the components will be imported from.

Author: ```suggestion
    Specifies the folder components will be imported from.
```

.. versionadded:: 2.20

Imports a TMX or JSON file into the Weblate translation memory.

.. django-admin-option:: --language-map LANGMAP

    Allows mapping languages in the TMX to the Weblate translation memory.

>     The language codes are mapped after normalization usually done by Weblate.

Author: What is normalization? What is going on here.

.. versionchanged:: 3.0

    The import_project command is now based on the
    :ref:`addon-weblate.discovery.discovery` addon, leading to some
    changes in behavior and what parameters are accepted.

> Batch imports components into project based on filemask.

Author: a/the/the given filemask?

be imported.

The `<gitrepo>` defines the Git repository URL to use, and `<branch>` signifies the
Git branch.
To import additional translation components from an existing Weblate component,
use a `weblate://<project>/<component>` URL for the `<gitrepo>`.

The `<filemask>` defines file discovery for the repository. It can be either
be made simple using wildcards, or it can use the full power of regular expressions.

The simple matching uses ``**`` for component name and ``*`` for language, for
example: ``**/*.po``

The regular expression has to contain groups named `component` and `language`.
For example: ``(?P<language>[^/]*)/(?P<component>[^-/]*)\.po``

The import matches existing components based on files and adds the ones that
do not exist. It does not change already existing ones.

.. django-admin-option:: --name-template TEMPLATE

    Customize the name of a component using Django template syntax.

    For example: ``Documentation: {{ component }}``

.. django-admin-option:: --base-file-template TEMPLATE

    Customize the base file for monolingual translations.

    For example: ``{{ component }}/res/values/string.xml``

.. django-admin-option:: --new-base-template TEMPLATE

>     Customize the base file for addition of new translations.

Author: Maybe a hint about what a base file is?

    For example: ``{{ component }}/ts/en.ts``

.. django-admin-option:: --file-format FORMAT

    You can also specify the file format to use (see :ref:`formats`), the default
    is auto-detection.

.. django-admin-option:: --language-regex REGEX

    You can specify language filtering (see :ref:`component`) with this
    parameter. It has to be a valid regular expression.

.. django-admin-option:: --main-component

    You can specify which component will be chosen as the main one—the one actually
    containing the VCS repository.

.. django-admin-option:: --license NAME

>     Specify the overall, project or component translation license.

Author: Guesswork on my part.

.. django-admin:: importuserdata <file.json>

Imports user data from a file created by :djadmin:`dumpuserdata`

importusers
-----------

.. django-admin:: importusers --check <file.json>

Imports users from JSON dump of the Django auth_users database.

.. django-admin-option:: --check

>     With this option it will just check whether a given file can be imported and

Author: What is "It", Weblate? What are the conflicts? How is that resolved? A note could be added.

    report possible conflicts arising from usernames or e-mails.

> You can dump users from the existing Django installation using:

Author: This is super bad, as it could be read both ways. What happens?

    List names by language code instead of language name.

You can either define which project or component to use (for example
``weblate/master``), or use ``--all`` to list translators from all existing
components.

list_versions
-------------

.. django-admin:: list_versions

Lists all Weblate dependencies and their versions.

loadpo
------

.. django-admin:: loadpo <project|project/component>

Reloads translations from disk (for example in case you have done some updates in the VCS
repository).

.. django-admin-option:: --force

    Force update, even if the files should be up-to-date.

.. django-admin-option:: --lang LANGUAGE

    Limit processing to a single language.

You can either define which project or component to update (for example
``weblate/master``), or use ``--all`` to update all existing components.

.. note::

    You seldom need to invoke this, Weblate will automatically load changed
    files for every VCS update. This is needed in case you manually changed an
    underlying Weblate VCS repository or in some special cases following an upgrade.

lock_translation
----------------

.. django-admin:: lock_translation <project|project/component>

> Prevents further translation of a component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevents further translation of a component.
```

.. django-admin:: list_translators <project|project/component>

> 

Author: Only per project? Target?

.. django-admin-option:: --language-code

>     List names by language code instead of language name.

Author: Hoping I didn't misunderstand this.

You can either define which project or component to use (for example
``weblate/master``), or use ``--all`` to list translators from all existing
components.

list_versions
-------------

.. django-admin:: list_versions

> Lists all Weblate dependencies and their versions.

Author: ```suggestion
Lists all Weblate dependencies and their required versions.
```

loadpo
------

.. django-admin:: loadpo <project|project/component>

Reloads translations from disk (for example in case you have done some updates in the VCS
repository).

.. django-admin-option:: --force

    Force update, even if the files should be up-to-date.

.. django-admin-option:: --lang LANGUAGE

    Limit processing to a single language.

You can either define which project or component to update (for example
``weblate/master``), or use ``--all`` to update all existing components.

.. note::

    You seldom need to invoke this, Weblate will automatically load changed
    files for every VCS update. This is needed in case you manually changed an
    underlying Weblate VCS repository or in some special cases following an upgrade.

lock_translation
----------------

.. django-admin:: lock_translation <project|project/component>

Prevents further translation of a component. 

.. hint::

> Useful in case you want to do some maintenance on the underlying repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Useful in case you want to do some maintenance on the underlying repository.
```

.. django-admin:: pushgit <project|project/component>

Pushes committed changes to the upstream VCS repository.

.. django-admin-option:: --force-commit

    Force commits any pending changes, prior to pushing.

You can either define which project or component to update (for example
``weblate/master``), or use ``--all`` to update all existing components.

.. note::

    Weblate pushes changes automatically if :guilabel:`Push on commit` in
    :ref:`component` is turned on, which is the default.

unlock_translation
------------------

.. django-admin:: unlock_translation <project|project/component>

Unlocks a given component, making it available for translation.

.. hint::

> Useful in case you want to do some maintenance on the underlying repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Useful in case you want to do some maintenance on the underlying repository.
```

.. django-admin:: pushgit <project|project/component>

Pushes committed changes to the upstream VCS repository.

.. django-admin-option:: --force-commit

    Force commits any pending changes, prior to pushing.

You can either define which project or component to update (for example
``weblate/master``), or use ``--all`` to update all existing components.

.. note::

    Weblate pushes changes automatically if :guilabel:`Push on commit` in
    :ref:`component` is turned on, which is the default.

rebuild_index
-------------

.. django-admin:: rebuild_index <project|project/component>

Rebuilds the index for fulltext search. This might be a lengthy operation if you
have a huge set of translation strings.

.. django-admin-option:: --clean

>     Removes all words from a database prior to updating, this is implicit when

Author: Updating the database
```suggestion
    Removes all words from a database prior to updating it, this is implicit when
```

.. django-admin-option:: --no-update

    Turns of automatic updates of existing languages (only adds new ones).

updatechecks
------------

.. django-admin:: updatechecks <project|project/component>

Updates all checks for all strings.

.. hint::

> Useful for upgrades which do major changes to checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Useful for upgrades which do major changes to checks.
```

.. django-admin:: setupgroups

> Configures default groups and optionally assigns all users to that default group.

Author: Not sure.

.. django-admin-option:: --no-privs-update

    Turns of automatic updating of existing groups (only adds new ones).

.. django-admin-option:: --no-projects-update

>     Prevents automatic updates of groups for existing projects. This allows adding newly

Author: Hoping "automatic" makes sense here.

    added groups to existing projects, see :ref:`acl`.

> .. seealso::

Author: What list?

.. django-admin-option:: --no-update

    Turns of automatic updates of existing languages (only adds new ones).

updatechecks
------------

.. django-admin:: updatechecks <project|project/component>

> 

Author: Upgrades? Should this be updates of strings?
